src/content/docs/commands/fight.md, before:

---
title: /fight
---

`/fight` is a command available to those with the [/user/](/reference/roles/#user) role.

## subcommands

### **enemy**

`/fight enemy [difficulty] (modifier)` engages the user with a one-off encounter with an enemy. This has a two minute cooldown across the board, but will be adjusted depending on difficulty at a later date. This takes place in the channel `#enemy-arena`.

#### [required] difficulty

-   easy
-   normal
-   hard

#### (optional) hack

These are modifiers that affect the circumstances of a fight. Each use of a modifier requires one hacking point in order to be used in a fight.

-   data_corruption
    -   Provides a chance to kill the enemy during the beginning of the player's turn.
-   algorithmic_steps
    -   Provides a chance on making the enemy miss on its next attack.
-   hack_n_slash
    -   Provides a flat damage multiplier for each player attack.

:::tip
Investment of analysis points increases the effectiveness of each modifier.
:::

### **player**

When a player has reached a certain point in the story, the option to fight other players unlocks. `/fight player` engages the user with a one-off encounter with a player. This has an hour cooldown. Whoever wins, gains a succession point. PvP takes place in the channel `#pvp-arena`.

Commit message:

Update fight section to include boss subcommand

src/content/docs/commands/fight.md, after:

---
title: /fight
---

`/fight` is a command available to those with the [/user/](/reference/roles/#user) role.

## subcommands

### **enemy**

`/fight enemy [difficulty] (modifier)` engages the user with a one-off encounter with an enemy. This has a two minute cooldown across the board, but will be adjusted depending on difficulty at a later date. This takes place in the channel `#enemy-arena`.

#### [required] difficulty

-   easy
-   normal
-   hard

#### (optional) hack

These are modifiers that affect the circumstances of a fight. Each use of a modifier requires one hacking point in order to be used in a fight.

-   data_corruption
    -   Provides a chance to kill the enemy during the beginning of the player's turn.
-   algorithmic_steps
    -   Provides a chance on making the enemy miss on its next attack.
-   hack_n_slash
    -   Provides a flat damage multiplier for each player attack.

:::tip
Investment of analysis points increases the effectiveness of each modifier.
:::

### **boss**

`/fight boss [name] (modifier)` engages the user with a one-off encounter with available bosses in the drop-down list. The ability to fight bosses are heavily conditionalized based on where the player is in the story and whatever pre-reqs are required in order to engage. This takes place in the channel `#boss-arena`.

#### [required] boss

-   name selection

#### (optional) hack

These are the same modifiers available in /fight enemy; however data_corruption is unavailable for boss fights. As mentioned in the tip above, analysis points will make these more effective.

-   algorithmic_steps
    -   Provides a chance on making the enemy miss on its next attack.
-   hack_n_slash
    -   Provides a flat damage multiplier for each player attack.

### **player**

When a player has reached a certain point in the story, the option to fight other players unlocks. `/fight player` engages the user with a one-off encounter with a player. This has an hour cooldown. Whoever wins, gains a succession point. PvP takes place in the channel `#pvp-arena`.
